Adds the generator to the PauliRot operation (#963)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: .github/CHANGELOG.md

  required to fully support end-to-end differentiable Mottonen and Amplitude embedding.
  [(#922)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/922)

> * Adds the following generators to the `qml.operation` module: `MultiRZ`, `PauliRot`. These 
>   generators are required to construct the metric tensor for some optimizer. 
>   [(#895)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/895)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adds the `PauliRot` generator to the `qml.operation` module. This 
  generator is required to construct the metric tensor. 
  [(#963)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/963)
```
Thanks! Removing the mention of `MultiRZ` since we added a line for that in the previous release.

Author: no problem
